README.md, before:

# National High School Computer Science Education Stats via Cranidores.org
NSC AD470 Data Science Practicum (ToDo: add image of NSC and Cranidores logo) and one line intro

## Table of Contents (ToDo: each would be linked to bullet for faster navigation)
- About The Project
- Results
- Contribute
- Contact
- Acknowledgements

## About The Project (ToDo: A brief summary of the project and Lawrence's work w/before after main page.)
[![mainPage.png](https://i.postimg.cc/MH9C3HqN/mainPage.png)](https://postimg.cc/q6CDzktx)

#### Completed With
- Tableau Desktop
- Tableau Cloud
- Tableau Prep Builder
- Microsoft Excel

## Results   *** Run the dashboard video images??? ***
#### Visualization Dashboard 1 (ToDo: before and after images)

#### Visualization Dashboard 2 (ToDo: before and after images)

## Visit our [Wiki](https://github.com/KristinJJ/Cranidores/wiki) page for more information

## Contribute
#### Sponsor (ToDo: Do we want a link to contribute to Lawrence's efforts?)

## License
[GNU General Public License version 3](https://opensource.org/license/gpl-3-0/)

## Team Members
- Brandon Dombrowsky, Technical Project Manager
- Kristin Jue, Co-Technical Project Manager and Data Scientist Developer
- Scott Hansford, Data Scientist Developer and Product Owner
- Lucas Knezevich, Data Scientist Developer
- Courtney Hoppus, Data Scientist Developer
- Ariunzaya Erdenebileg, Data Scientist Developer

## Acknowledgements
- [Cranidores.org](https://cranidores.org/) 
- Mentor - BC Ko, NSC Faculity

Commit message:

PreFinalDraft README.md
Weigh in on what you think. Slightly more text will be added to each section upon initial group approval of layout.

README.md, after:

# National High School Computer Science Education Stats via Cranidores.org
North Seattle College AD470 Data Science Practicum in partnership with Cranidores.org
 
[![cranidores.png](https://i.postimg.cc/8Pp4yZXt/cranidores.png)](https://postimg.cc/PN71JQjw)
 
[![NSC.png](https://i.postimg.cc/bwMRwpyB/NSC.png)](https://postimg.cc/JsNXTwBN)

## Table of Contents (ToDo: each would be linked to bullet for faster navigation)
- [About The Project](https://github.com/KristinJJ/Cranidores/edit/main/README.md#about-the-project)
- [Results](https://github.com/KristinJJ/Cranidores/edit/main/README.md#results)
- [Acknowledgements]()

## About The Project 
The team was tasked with doing as much as possible to duplicate existing data visulations found on the client's site. 
 
#### Initial Visualization:
- Static images set onto page as a png embeded into the HTML
 
[![mainPage.png](https://i.postimg.cc/MH9C3HqN/mainPage.png)](https://postimg.cc/q6CDzktx)

## Results
#### Starting Visualization
[![new4.png](https://i.postimg.cc/P5Rkfp8n/new4.png)](https://postimg.cc/yDcGvNPL)
 
[![new5.png](https://i.postimg.cc/KznX50pm/new5.png)](https://postimg.cc/6251WfNP)

#### Suggested Visualizations
- Interactive visulations with tool tip indicating data for each state and/or datapoint

[![new1.png](https://i.postimg.cc/HkfQCz3G/new1.png)](https://postimg.cc/PCQLWmBK)
 
[![new2.png](https://i.postimg.cc/pTvzmdgq/new2.png)](https://postimg.cc/06tb395w) 

#### Completed With
- Tableau Desktop
- Tableau Cloud
- Tableau Prep Builder
- Microsoft Excel

## Visit our [Wiki](https://github.com/KristinJJ/Cranidores/wiki) page for more information

## License
[GNU General Public License version 3](https://opensource.org/license/gpl-3-0/)

## Team Members
- Brandon Dombrowsky, Technical Project Manager
- Kristin Jue, Co-Technical Project Manager and Data Scientist Developer
- Scott Hansford, Data Scientist Developer and Product Owner
- Lucas Knezevich, Data Scientist Developer
- Courtney Hoppus, Data Scientist Developer
- Ariunzaya Erdenebileg, Data Scientist Developer

## Acknowledgements
- [Cranidores.org](https://cranidores.org/) 
- Mentor - BC Ko, NSC Faculity
